README.md, before:

# Critical Dependabot Jira
Create a jira ticket of issue type **Bug** when a critical dependabot PR is created in the repository.

# Usage
See [action.yml](https://github.com/Orfium/critical-dependabot-jira/blob/master/action.yml).

## Inputs
The action needs a series of inputs to be set in order to function properly.

| Item            | Description                                                                                                                        | Default             |
|-----------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------|
| jira_base_url   | The base url of jira.                                                                                                              | -                   |
| jira_user_email | The email of jira user to open the bug.                                                                                            | -                   |
| jira_project    | The jira project that the bug will be opened.                                                                                      | -                   |
| jira_issue_type | The jira ticket issue type.                                                                                                        | Bug                 |
| jira_label      | The jira ticket label.                                                                                                             | dependabot-critical |
| cvss_threshold  | The [CVSS](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Common_Vulnerability_Scoring_System) threshold that you want to trigger the bug creation. | 9.0                 |

### Secrets needed
The repository needs two secrets, the `pat_token` which is a
[Github Access Token](https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/keeping-your-account-and-data-secure/creating-a-personal-access-token)
with the `repo.public_repo` scope and the `jira_api_token` which is a [Jira API Token](https://id.atlassian.com/manage-profile/security/api-tokens).

## Outputs
Nothing to output.

## Example of usage
The composite action is called inside a pull request only when it is opened. Also, the PR's actor should be dependabot. \
Example snippet:

```
on:
  pull_request:
    branches:
      - 'dependabot/**'
    types:
      - opened

jobs:
  critical-jira-creator:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    if: github.actor != 'dependabot[bot]'
    steps:
      - name: Checkout Repository
        uses: actions/checkout@v3.1.0
      - uses: Orfium/critical-dependabot-jira@main
        with:
          pat_token: ${{ secrets.PAT_TOKEN }}
          jira_base_url: ${{ secrets.JIRA_BASE_URL }}
          jira_user_email: ${{ secrets.JIRA_USER_EMAIL }}
          jira_api_token: ${{ secrets.JIRA_API_TOKEN }}
          jira_project: 'CMO | ADR'
          cvss_threshold: 5.0
```
One can also change the CVSS threshold to his/her liking.

# Important note
It is best to enable the setting that allows dependabot to create pull requests regarding security updates automatically. Reference link: [Configuring Dependabot security updates
](https://docs.github.com/en/code-security/dependabot/dependabot-security-updates/configuring-dependabot-security-updates).

Commit message:

docs(README): add known issues and more info

README.md, after:

# Critical Dependabot Jira
Create a jira ticket of issue type **Bug** when a critical dependabot pull request is created in the repository. \ 
Criticality can be configured by setting a CVSS threshold.

# Usage
See [action.yml](https://github.com/Orfium/critical-dependabot-jira/blob/master/action.yml).

## Inputs
The action needs a series of inputs to be set in order to function properly.

| Item            | Description                                                                                                                        | Default             |
|-----------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------|
| jira_base_url   | The base url of jira.                                                                                                              | -                   |
| jira_user_email | The email of jira user to open the bug.                                                                                            | -                   |
| jira_project    | The jira project **key** that the bug will be opened.                                                                              | -                   |
| jira_issue_type | The jira ticket issue type.                                                                                                        | Bug                 |
| jira_label      | The jira ticket label.                                                                                                             | dependabot-critical |
| cvss_threshold  | The [CVSS](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Common_Vulnerability_Scoring_System) threshold that you want to trigger the bug creation. | 9.0                 |

### Secrets needed
The repository needs two secrets, the `pat_token` which is a
[Github Access Token](https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/keeping-your-account-and-data-secure/creating-a-personal-access-token)
with the `repo.public_repo` scope and the `jira_api_token` which is a [Jira API Token](https://id.atlassian.com/manage-profile/security/api-tokens).

## Outputs
Nothing to output.

## Example of usage
The composite action is called inside a pull request only when it is opened. Also, the PR's actor should be dependabot. \
Example snippet:

```
on:
  pull_request:
    types:
      - opened

jobs:
  critical-jira-creator:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    if: ${{ github.event.pull_request.user.login == 'dependabot[bot]' }}
    steps:
      - name: Checkout Repository
        uses: actions/checkout@v3.1.0
      - name: Create jira ticket
        uses: Orfium/critical-dependabot-jira@test
        with:
          pat_token: ${{ secrets.PAT_TOKEN }}
          jira_base_url: ${{ secrets.JIRA_BASE_URL }}
          jira_user_email: ${{ secrets.JIRA_USER_EMAIL }}
          jira_api_token: ${{ secrets.JIRA_API_TOKEN }}
          jira_project: 'ADR'
          cvss_threshold: 5.0
```
One can also change the CVSS threshold to his/her liking.

# Important note
It is best to enable the setting that allows dependabot to create pull requests regarding security updates automatically. Reference link: [Configuring Dependabot security updates
](https://docs.github.com/en/code-security/dependabot/dependabot-security-updates/configuring-dependabot-security-updates).

# Known issues
When running this GitHub action, there are some warnings and errors that you might face:
- You get a `Logged in as: undefined`, when the GitHub action tries to log in to your jira user. This is a known and non-stopper issue that it is described here: [GitHub Issue](https://github.com/atlassian/gajira-login/issues/30).
- `set-output` is deprecated. We will wait for its fix.
